Allow to overwrite the response Content-Type from options (#1134)
httpie/httpie: docs/README.md

This is something you will typically store as one of the default options in your [config](#config) file.

#### Response `Content-Type`

> The `--response-content-type` option is a shortcut for `--format-options response.content_type`, and allows you to override the response `Content-Type`.
> It will be effective when the response is pretty-printed, and can be used when the server returns an incorrect `Content-Type` regarding the contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--response-content-type=value` option is a shortcut for `--format-options response.content_type:value`, 
and it allows you to override the response `Content-Type` sent by the server. 
That makes it possible for HTTPie to pretty-print the response even when the server specifies the type incorrectly.
```

For example, the following request will force the response to be treated as XML:

```bash

> $ http --response-content-type 'application/xml' pie.dev/get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ http --response-content-type=application/xml pie.dev/get
```
